Hello Guys welcome to the studio.
In this review of categories categories are very important for a blog.
OK so let me explain what are the categories.
For example on your blog you write posts about health technology about motivation you want to write
recommendation of course.
So your categories will be held.
Motivation and technology.
What do you want to write about will be your category if you want to write five books about health care.
So health will be your categories right.
Most are not there health category.
In this video I'm going to show you how you can create categories and how you can write books and did
those get agrees.
So follow me not to get angry.
All you need to do is hover over posts and click on categories.
This is where we create categories.
OK right now we have only one read that is and categorized and is automatically created by the word
press.
So no let's create some categories.
So you were right about health.
Right.
How health live looks like it's basically the small small body you know.
Does this help.
OK.
Basically small Reagen of this health Verd OK we'll treat her immediately you don't need to worry about
that.
Ed I agree and said Get this could easily follow.
Let's add technology.
You also were write about technology because you are amazing technology.
OK.
Technology is added no stress and some motivation as to what I write about the motivation to or with
others.
OK.
The motivation you health care goodies are added.
Ok so now we have three categories for you all to would add to your menu.
OK.
Whenever you write a post that was read be sure or the whole page for the euro Phife board about what
you wish.
All of those five possible Austral on the whole page but on the menu when you click on what all of depos
really mission will be short.
OK.
So every person on earth to every blogger on the earth and can agree to the main menu.
So we will add these three on the menu add them on the menu is very easy and I'm sure you can do it
without me.
But I want to show you how to do that.
Now we have pages.
We have one or two pages three pages and pages are created by the Word Press.
And these two are created by us.
So these are the pages or what we're pages because we have added them.
If you google posts we have only one post with one word to destroy our menu.
All right.
Some links we don't want any custom custom link is the link that you want to link to other Web sites
some of the we don't want to add custom links.
But we want to add to add categories categories and people view all you will see we have four categories
these three categories we created.
And this is this one is created by the press.
So these three categories I want to show them on our main menu.
Just select these three and click on the menu and you will come here.
Now we have these three pages and these three categories and all of these will be short.
All of her menu.
Now you see after we see about dozen contact as these two must be at the end.
OK.
Because it looks odd for the first two words short of Gregory's first somewhat and direct them to the
end Motors.
Contact us.
The note looks good health technology I think motivation should be behind the technology.
OK.
No.
See the menu
menu is there to refresh it.
OK.
Now we have for health technology what about this contact that's amazing.
When ever you post to the health that post will be shown here and when your article reports that both
are short on the whole debate every single poll is that your career will be shown on the hospital.
No for example you only want to see the posts that are related to the health.
Some use a couple bigger absurd energy only worth to see the posted it with the help of an equal health
help page will be open and he will see all the posts related to the health and technology or lipos that
will be shown.
OK so I hope you got the idea what I'm saying.
OK Stober write some post about it OK.
All you need to do is click on Borst OK add new.
Now we'll see first we only had one get angry and get aggressive like we have to get angry that we just
created.
They'll write something about health health.
Add some features to the health.
Select health category and you can publish and they're both very healthy categories so let's do it.
This post is related not related related to the letter to the head or related to it or whatever.
OK take care of take care of your health.
Be there in the end food or whatever or this is just some text copy pasted a couple of times to make
you look big again.
Add some big jury if you want to add them photographs or add some video or whatever you want.
I always liked who work Dexter and all that.
OK because just to fight all of the good news is that where the lines are equal or get though you concede
these lines are not equal.
So I'm going to let all of these and I'm going to click on this to make it just divert you will see
these lines will be equal see these lines are equal or looks amazingly good.
OK.
I always do that.
OK professionalised does it.
Ok but do it or do it.
OK.
So this post is to the health and medical health health category.
So let's add a featured image we created reposed selected the category and featured image and that we
will publish upload select files of all people should be best for the health.
I think this year
can cover that feature image if we get images here.
OK.
Borst is done.
We have some other options here but we will expand these later.
OK.
Yes it does.
It is.
Nobody touch them.
OK.
Or you don't need to select any of these.
Explain this later.
OK.
Let's publish our post
Borst is published fairly fresh.
My home page OK.
We have to post this post is headed to the healthy health category and this post is going to grace.
OK.
So this when ever you write a post it will show the whole page if I can read more.
It should also be shown on the detail page this page but he's not sure because the setting is all for
this feature which we will order in the next video.
So this posted it would be healthy if we could help.
Gregory did you see this post not this.
OK.
Because this is not in the health category.
This is in the health category.
Let's go to health and see this.
We are releasing this policy to the health if you will letting because we have not added any posted
to the technology OK.
The same thing is for technology.
If you want to read about something technology go to add new air new technology post right something
you are right.
Technology that feature an image and click publish and your post will be published on new technology
and it will also show on the whole page on the whole.
You will see three posts are given you will add technology and widget technology you will see technology
related posts.
Ok I'm going in with too much depth to make you understand what is blogging and how everything works.
OK so tell us what it means to you.
I hope you know how to add categories these three categories.
OK.
These two are the pages Nordica agrees we don't write posts on these two.
OK we all like our poster and these three because the three of these three categories and this these
these these two and these are pages.
So you guys are watching this video.
If you have any question left the just under discussion and I will reply to you as soon as I see the
discussion.
So I will see you in the next video.
Thank you.